"Mini Forma.
Diary of the Cybercrime
Investigation Department."
I've a feeling something
big is going to happen
with E and the people who follow him.
But lately, only bad things
have been happening to me.
They transfer me,
they splashed me with coffee…
You and Harold stop being partners.
If that incredibly beautiful"
electronic investigator
ends up getting close to Harold…
No, don’t jump to
conclusions about that.
But she really is a beauty, isn’t she?
I definitely couldn’t beat her.
If it were you, I'd be more at ease.
- What do you mean?
- Well, you see…
In your case, it seems that Harold
has just gotten fond of you,
you always wear black, and it doesn’t seem
like you’re interested in fashion or romance.
But when that beauty
becomes his partner,
of course Harold will also…
Oh, I’m sorry.
Hi-Hieda?
Only bad things
have been happening to me.
Eh? Ah... eh, well...
It-It's lucky you're
wearing black, right?
STARTING APRIL 2025
ECHIKA HIEDA, CV: KANA HANAZAWA